Add Qlik (#1609)
sindresorhus/awesome: readme.md

- [Data Engineering](https://github.com/igorbarinov/awesome-data-engineering#readme)
- [Streaming](https://github.com/manuzhang/awesome-streaming#readme)
- [Apache Spark](https://github.com/awesome-spark/awesome-spark#readme) - Unified engine for large-scale data processing.

> - [Qlik](https://github.com/ambster-public/awesome-qlik/) - BI platform for data visualization, analytics, and reporting apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Qlik](https://github.com/ambster-public/awesome-qlik#readme) - Business intelligence platform for data visualization, analytics, and reporting apps.
```
